this is the ultimate death match you're
trapped on an abandoned island forced
to fight against your frights the only way
you're escaping is killing everyone you meet
what do you do when you can be blown up at
any time and you must choose to either die
or kill all your friends i'm going to
break down the mistakes made explain
what you should do and how to beat the
government's death game in battle royale
this class of high school students are living
the last free moments of their lives none of
them have any idea that they've been selected for
this year's battle royale a government-sponsored
program where every year a class of students is
selected to fight to the death but it's too late
for them to do anything about it shuya here
wakes up in a dark classroom with a high-tech
calder locked to his neck okay permission to
freak out now groggy or not we need to realize
something important this took a lot of planning
deception military involvement remote locations
and coordination with the government so the
biggest mistake we can make is to think we have
any control over what happens next these callers
are enough for me to realize that attempting to
escape won't work and could just get us killed
so if it's me i'm hiding in the back of the room
until we know more about the situation the more
information we have the better decisions we can
make their old teacher mr kitano suddenly arrives
in the classroom with a fully armed military
escort and he introduces them to the battle royale
a death match designed for rebellious students of
japan they watch a video that explains the rules
they've been brought to an abandoned island which
has been divided into quadrants and danger zones
that change daily and if there isn't a single
winner by the end of three days everyone dies okay
this is life or death we have valuable information
here and if we memorize this information to build
a strategy before even leaving the classroom we'll
have a better chance of surviving by far this
place has mountains cliffs valleys and i would
be analyzing which areas would give you
the best geographic advantage personally
i would start in a low-lying valley that has good
force coverage to hide in run off water from the
mountain to drink and flat terrain for easier
travel suddenly the teacher spots one of the
students whispering and kills her with a throwing
knife if there was any doubt where this was going
now there's no question the students freak out and
try to escape as the soldiers block off the exit
but the teacher isn't finished a soldier grabs
one of the kids and remotely triggers his collar
causing it to explode it's absolutely terrifying
but this is actually the best news so far tonight
because this teacher has just revealed a
huge flaw with the caller since these can
be exploded anywhere on the island remotely we
can assume these devices use either radio or
microwave frequencies and the good news is these
frequencies can be blocked radial microwaves are
extremely sensitive to interference of metal
objects and if we find aluminum foil in any of
these abandoned buildings on the island we can
wrap it around the front of the collar to block
the frequency and take it off each student is
caught up by their number one by one taking a rush
like a random supplies before leaving the class
but there are two students that stand out among
the rest the bandana wearing transfer student is
very focused getting out of the room as quickly as
possible while the other transfer student is way
too relaxed about this death match these two civil
reactions tell me all they need to know that i do
not want to mess with them but they both just made
the same mistake as the rest everyone is running
through the door without even checking their bag
i just know if i was the first to leave i would be
waiting outside behind a walruy bush and killing
every student before they even have the time to
reach for their weapons so if i'm not the first
one out the door i'm opening my bag inside
the room to get my weapon out before leaving
finally shuya here is called up running out of the
class and right into a bush to hide very brave he
immediately realizes the gains have begun as a
student appears with a bolt lodged in her throat
and her killer running towards them he sees his
friend naruko and runs away with her leaving the
killer behind as he falls down the hill escaping
the madness the two take shelter in some caves
where they check their rucksacks to find they have
no weapons only a pot lid and a pair of binoculars
this is completely unfair it's important
to safely assess what you have in your bag
as soon as you can because it could completely
change your strategy for survival if you're
stuck with useless weapons you need to find
something better we could scavenge weapons from
dead students but if you're found carrying only a
pot lid you're screwed at this point nature is our
best weapon take a sock off and put rocks aside
giving you a hard-hitting close-range weapon and
in the other hand a loose rock to throw out any
uncommon threats using these i would go scouting
for a better weapon after the sun rises once
the students have had time to spread further out
leaving the dead bodies behind to scavenge in the
northern end of the island a gang has a transfer
student surrounded as he discovers his weapon
is a paper fan that's even worse than a pot lid
they all think he's harmless until he distracts
one of the students steals his gun and kills them
all in seconds he takes all their gear including
a revolver and some hand grenades before leaving
this is the most dangerous kid on the island
now if it wasn't for his lightning-fast reflexes
these guys could have easily taken him out teaming
up and outnumbering your classmates to kill might
seem like a better strategy but it becomes a lot
more risky in the long term because every member
of the group is extremely vulnerable to betrayal
it's a trade-off some might be willing to make but
there's more to consider large groups are noisier
they're easier to track and they require more food
and water so any resources found must be shared
or else there will be infighting ultimately it's
fool's gold stay away from this idea and hunt
alone a girl is hiding in an abandoned shed
looking at photos when someone comes in if you
see someone trying their flashlight like this
don't trust them mitsco here is one of the meanest
girls on the island and she's going to have one of
the highest body counts of anyone starting with
this girl here now some are cut out for this kind
of scenario and some are not these four have off
themselves as soon as the games start this is a
sad waste of life but i'm not crying because
there's four less people to kill and they've
handed us an amazing opportunity they're callers
because i can learn more about what's possible
about risking my own life i'd also test if any
metal i find will block the radio waves or not
if it works on theirs it will work on my two and
i can break it off and hide until everyone is dead
early the next morning the teacher announces who's
been killed and where the danger zones are these
two are currently standing at one of them and
they've got an hour to leave or else they're dead
they want to force us to move so we don't hide and
stagnate the death game but i would counter this
by lining myself up on the intersection of four
grits so while everyone else is scrambling to
escape the zones i barely have to move or venture
far away from a hidey hole that i would set up
nearby it can make better use of my time setting
up traps alarms or gathering more resources
they walk through the forest and get attacked by
a hatchet wielding student shuya here wrestles
with him and ends up in a fight cleverly using
his pot lid as a shield but in their scuffle the
hatchet lodges itself in the other kid's head and
he dies this guy has the right idea but he made
two mistakes right away first if you're going
to ambush someone don't jump into their faces
it's just dumb the whole point of an ambush is
to attack when they're in a bad position to fight
back or deflect i would have waited for them to
pass and attack them from behind the second thing
he did wrong was hiding in something that's noisy
these people are already on high alert and you're
giving them advanced warning please russell
so i would have covered the hiding area of mud
because it's silent and still blends in with the
environment that's when the class president comes
out of the woods and threatens them with his
gun but their shade from the transfer student
with a bandana appears shooing him full of bug
shot surprisingly he doesn't kill the other two
instead taking the hatchet out of the other kid's
head why did he spare their lives in a death game
but there can only be one winner there's
a lot more to this guy than meets the eye
that's when he hears someone speaking over a
megaphone and the girl finds two students calling
for everyone to stop fighting and talk it through
letting everyone know where they are including
the other transfer student who shoots them in the
back man this guy's nasty but these two girls were
asking for it they broadcasted their location but
easy kills like this won't come often there are 26
students left to kill and many of them will be in
hiding finding them all will be exhausting unless
you know what they're going to be but a lack of
vital resources will draw them out of hiding i
would wait where there's either food clean water
or shelter and stake it out now you can wait for
them to come to you and conserve your energy for
killing just like this girl does when she catches
her classmate mitzko unprepared the girl is mad
because mitzko here stole her boyfriend and now
she wants revenge she starts beating her to
the floor but gets tased and drops her gut
they both rush in to grab it but she's
faster and chews the other girl in the back
it's unfortunate but we're not going to escape
petty high school drama on this island now unless
you're already a terrible person the mind will
be forced to justify the killing as a coping
mechanism for survival and hatred is always
an incredible motivator to rationalize murder
so if someone has a grudge against you you better
believe you're first on their list and they'll be
seeking you out i would be paying close attention
every day to the announcement the check of my high
school enemies were still alive because it may
change my planning if i knew someone was coming
specifically for me and me alone trekking across
the island the girl falls unconscious from a fever
the map says there's a clinic nearby and julia
here carries her all the way to this building he
doesn't see anyone around but accidentally trips
an alarm the transfer student with a bandana comes
out of hiding and lets them inside treating the
girl with the clinic's medicine they got lucky one
of the toughest guys in the game is also one of
the nicest or is he okay this is dangerous i don't
know anything about this guy and just because
he let us in for a rest doesn't mean he won't
kill us or use us for his own survival if i
saw someone with a sick girl and a pod lid i
would have considered them a threat and could be
more useful alive by keeping watch for enemies or
even as a human shield in combat that's why if
i were them i would take advantage of his trust
make a trade for better weapons shoot him and run
away i'm not here to make more friends i'm here
to kill them meanwhile this student finds three
others trying to carry this generator up the
stairs and these guys have a pretty high-tech
setup leaking cell phones to this laptop the kid
reveals he was given a color tracker as his weapon
which he's using to find other players these guys
didn't know what they're doing and getting
powerful regenerator is smart but it's also
going to attract a lot of unwanted attention we
can expect students to gravitate towards shelters
like abandoned buildings factories and lighthouses
both to get out of the weather and also find
students hiding there that you can kill if you're
first to one of these you'll have to defend it and
likely for more than one at a time so it's not
the best strategy i would stay outside and build
my own shelter out of mud leaves and branches so
i'm covered from the weather and camouflaged the
hacker learns there are microphones in the collars
and that's how the battle royale's administrators
know what they're up to using his laptop he tells
his friends to find fertilizer pesticide charcoal
sulfur and kerosene before he starts coding his
hacking program these soundly strange collection
but together the effects can make an explosive
difference now this is a great idea unfortunately
you still need to find people to use it on bigger
weapons are useful but it's strategy that wins
this death game i would be trying to predict
people's movements since we know they have to
leave the danger zones that are announced each
morning the geography and terrain will tell me
their likelihood of movement from one sector to
another they're less likely to climb a mountains
than down and they're more likely to be pushed to
low-lying terrain for water and flat terrain for
ease of travel predicting others movements is
a great way to hunt them this is death chests
and we need to be one step ahead meanwhile this
athletic girl gets back to her shelter after a run
and bumps into a student with a crossbow he wants
to get freaky with her but she's not feeling it
today with the most brutal move of the game she
stabs him straight in the dick that's one hell of
a block but suddenly mitzko appears and shoots her
dead now this brings up an important point these
are young high school students many of whom will
die before they've had certain experiences that
nobody wants to die without i'm not gonna lie
if i were a girl i would weaponize this desire
against the males for the sake of survival if
she dangled the carrot that boy would have had
the motivation to defend her it's a great lure for
a trap stripping them of all weapons making for an
easy kill that night the transfer student reveals
that three years ago he had been the winner of a
past battle royale he also tells him that
he knows her way off the island but he can
only tell them when the time comes he gives the
other boy a gun and some ammo to convince him
he's telling the truth when all of a sudden they
hear gunfire outside outside the clinic the other
transfer student quarters another kid and shoots
him except he's wearing a bulletproof vest but the
guy comes back with a samurai sword and finishes
him off and that's not even the worst thing
he does to him the transfer student throws the
kid's head through the window with a grenade
launched in his mouth and they all run for cover
shuya here leaps out of the window and runs for it
leading the psycho student on a foot chase to
the coast with nowhere to run he throws himself
into the sea moments before the other student
catches up and blasts the water with gunfire
okay this seems like a terrible idea because you
can evade bolts well in water but it's actually
the best move you can make when a bull hits the
water it slows down due to drag and even veers
off target in the case of heavy caliber ammo the
bolt will decelerate so fast in the water that it
shatters into pieces you can be as close as three
feet below the surface and you're totally safe
it's the second day and he's woken up by a girl
who tells him four more students have died and
that his friend the hacker is waiting for him
in the west the girls downstairs are getting
lunch ready but one of them is very uncomfortable
with the boy's presence and decides to poison him
and that's when things go wrong another girl
eats the poisoned spaghetti shocking everyone
when she suddenly dies they freak out and
start accusing each other grab their guns
and start firing killing everyone in the room
the boy runs down to find six more dead and
lunch is ruined okay this is a great example
of how a group collaboration can go all wrong
even if it's all smiles rainbows these girls do
not trust each other and all it takes is one ounce
of suspicion to throw everyone out of control if
you're going to kill your homies kill them all at
the same time in their sleep so no one can alert
the others of your betrayal shuya meets up with
the other two deciding to make the long journey
west to meet the hacker they're injured exhausted
and need for the water but they press on okay now
students aren't the only killers nature can be a
harsh mistress too they're exposed to heat stroke
dehydration dysentery hunger and blood loss bees
are all killers in the wilderness if not taken
care of quickly food can be found from fruit trees
berries and mushrooms but only if you know what to
look for but that's not even your biggest problem
this is an island and it's hot and mountainous
trekking across this place will make you sweat
profusely and you'll need water very quickly now
most of what makes water dangerous isn't divisible
rain can create dirty runoff and eutrophication
and dead animals upstream can affect the water the
best way to tell is to look for animal tracks bugs
and green vegetation nearby if other living things
are drinking from it you probably can too the
best place to look is in valleys and low points
because water always runs downwards then follow
it upstream to get the cleanest water possible
another option is to make a solar still by digging
a hole in the ground putting a clear sheet over
the hole the sun will evaporate the groundwater
causing condensation in the sheet and you can
collect it from the center as it drips into your
cup you get less than it takes longer but it will
be cleaner than running water the kid with the
gps tracker arrives at an abandoned warehouse
looking for his high school crush but the girl
empties her gun on it regretfully she only finds
out afterwards that he came to save her she could
have really used that extra protection because the
mitsco here sneaks up and guns her down and the
death cycle continues as she's suddenly attacked
and killed by the psycho transfer student across
the island the hacker finalizes the code to his
hacking program while his true friends mix
the chemicals they gathered to create bombs
impressively resourceful they activate the
software and sabotage the computers of the
battle royale administrators and for a brief
moment there's no gps tracking and no color
activation for any student the only way for
the administrators to stop it is to pull the
hard reset okay this is a big deal it proved that
cheating is actually a viable option at beating
this game and that there's a scenario here
where our real survival depends on defeating
the teachers not our fellow students it's time
to start strategizing against the game itself
now we know that the colors are triggered by wave
frequencies and we're on an island then there
must be a local antenna to transmit the signals
through gps tracking works by emitting microwave
signals that go through these relays to reach the
satellites above these waves pass through nearly
everything except for metal which reflects the
signal destroying the antennas receiver won't just
notify your own color but everyone's color on the
island this gives us the chance to work together
for our collected survival it totally eliminates
the need to kill each other and if that happens we
can focus on the real enemy the government the
students begin loading their gear into a truck
intent on running the school with explosives but
just as they're about to leave they get attacked
by the one and only psycho transfer student he
kills them and sets out the bombs in the truck
the last two survivors arrive they see the
psycho student is still alive kawada here
finishes him off with a shot to the caller blowing
him into smithereens okay this is awkward because
now there's no bad guy and there can only be one
winner it's time to start planning your friend's
deaths there's no doubt that all three have the
same thoughts but no one will openly admit it
because it will scatter them making them harder
to kill and you might not find them before the
time runs out and everyone is dead if it's
me i'm suggesting we make a temporary pact
to discard all weapons but we discuss what to do
with conceal a knife or a rope the ploy forces
all three people to pretend to be friends for as
long as possible while you disarm them which makes
them more vulnerable to kill it's the final day
they head to the coast of the transfer student's
escape route but he reveals it was all a lie
they are his ticket out and he shoots them both
making him this year's winner of the battle royale
cold-blooded later he reunites with the teacher
back at the school who discovers that the kid's
color has somehow been deactivated and that he
didn't shoot the other students it was a trick and
the boy shows the teacher dead it's finally over
as the three students throw away their explosive
collars and relax their friend kawana dies on his
way back to the mainland and the other two are
declared wanted fugitives with the government
they might have beaten the battle
royale but they can't escape the law